Before we move forward Contact should be change contact to Contact Confirmation: This is where you choose the assessment type a. Preliminary b. Comprehensive.  One you select the assessment type you submit questionnaire. That moves you to the next step Interview & matrix population. - Here all parameter from 2-10 will be reviewed and a focus to meeting the requirement of the organization's industry will be the priority as expert knowledge are needed here. There will be more interviews.  Once all looks good the security analyst will generate the report. I hope this will help us align with the past build without changing a lot. Remember the 4 steps which you expanded preliminary report checks to i. inquiry & questionnaire data collection ii. Matrix GAP analysis iii. Architecture analysis threat modeling iv. Preliminary report qualitative assessment 5. Comprehensive report withe evidence collection. Usually the preliminary report has mitigation/remediation strategies which included SOC and IR by default. The five steps covers. 1. Inquiry and questionnaire 2. Interview and matrix population 3. Architecture analysis Threat modeling 4. Preliminary report 5. Comprehensive report (evident based). Both preliminary report and comprehensive report must show scorecard, mitigation & Remediation recommendations, Potential security risks & vulnerability, Architecture analysis (Threat modeling) appending parameters 2-10 of new design. We are focusing on the status as needed in that organization's industry. After this assessment report (downloadable) they can schedule for comprehensive assessment or request for directly using a button that take them to pricing. We have this already we just have to follow the old build and make slight changes... Do not implement anything until we are on the same page. If you choose comprehensive assessment you must go through preliminary assessment to get the preliminary report before moving. If you have a preliminary report it will be pulled up. If not it will kick off the assessment. Why do we need continue to review button after completing the form?  

