Let's implement and remember the report scorecard (a piechart): It will include 1. The default assessment parameters 2-10 plus education-awareness. The weight is 10 points each given a total of 100% one can possibly score.  2.  Another piechart is a prove for qualitative analysis.  We use quantitative analysis to prove everything out: We check how the SOS^2A stand out over time. We would cover all cost-based assessment by checking a. Phishing screening b. Security awareness c. External footprints d. Dark web e. Endpoint security f. Cloud security g. Data security h. Browser security i. Email protection j. Compliances k. Regulatory requirements l. Frameworks over that 6 months period of time from day 0. This piechart will have a weight of 8.33 given an approximate total of 100%. 3. However a piechart for RASBITA cybersecurity incident risk score (already implmented): It is scored out of 100%: This will make it easier for stakeholders to have the dollar value of the incident right away helping with mobilizing for war room if relevant. It will provide crisis support and resource as one of its provisions.- Used during cybersecurity incident. 4. A NIST CSF 2.0 radar for RASBITA Cybersecurity Gov & Mngt maturity level it is also scored out of a 100%. 5. Another 100% for Architecture Threat Modeling: a. Data Flow Diagram:Identify components, boundaries, and data movements b. Attack Enumeration: Identify threats using STRIDE categories c. Mitigation Strategies: Address each identified risk with specific controls d. Validation: Verify mitigations align with cybersecurity risk governance,  management and  policies. This meand that comprehensive SOS^2A or in this case HOS^2A is out for 500% which must be divided by five to get the correct percentage. 

Number 2 cannot be a part of the preliminary report since it requires scanning and data collection which is well suited in a SOC. 
Number 3 could be used by anyone at any time for responding to their security incident crisis: We will give support and resources. 
a. How to quickly resolve the issues with technology and how to avoid them in the future using SOS^2A. 
