Update of all five scoring components:

*1. Qualitative Assessment (Updated 100%)
Refined based on actual evidence
More accurate scoring of each 12 parameters
Comparison what was supplied by the organization to preliminary assessment.

2. Quantitative Analysis (Industry tools Deep Scan 100%)
Professional scanning tool, Monitoring and incident results
Detailed analysis of all  12 parameters
Trend analysis showing changes over time (a minimum of 6 months)
Performance metrics with statistical significance.

*3. Risk Assessment Score by Impact and Threat analysis.- RASBITA Cost-Benefit Analysis (Detailed 100%)
Comprehensive financial impact modeling
Actual incident costs (if any occurred)
Detailed resource allocation analysis
Return on security investment calculations

*4. RASBITA Governance & Management (Maturity 100%)
Detailed NIST CSF 2.0 radar analysis
Maturity progression over time
Governance structure effectiveness evaluation
Management control efficacy assessment

*5. Architecture Threat Modeling & App Sec (Complete 100%)
Thorough data flow diagram analysis
Comprehensive STRIDE threat modeling
Validated mitigation strategies
Architectural security validation
SAST/DAST

I also noticed that the steps changed and we did not reflect that in the design thus the report is skewed as you can see in the screenshot. Step 1 Inquiry & Questionnaire (data collection) Step 2. Interview & Questionnaire 3. Matrix Population 4.  RASBITA Governance & Management 5. RASBITA Score & Cost-Benefit Analysis 6. Gap Analysis 7. Architecture Threat modeling. 8. Preliminary Report (qualitative assessment) ..... Final  Step should be 9. Comprehensive report: Quantitative Analysis (Deep Scan 100%)
Professional scanning tool: Detailed sanning of all the 11 deep san parameter and analysis to prove 12 default parameters.
Monitoring, detection and incident response to determine organizational and system security postoure and Trends. 
These analysis will show changes over time (a minimum of 6 months)
Performance metrics with statistical significance will be covered going back to improving the original scores. 
